Eric Fernandes
Design:
    I cannot confidently say that I personally followed any particular design methodology, instead I focused on commiting working code to 
    progress the project. I did this because the project utilized a number of new tools and languages that I was unfamiliar with, and so
    it was difficult to properly plan out and develop the project. The original design for the project was made with a surface level 
    understanding of many of the tools and available functions of the TopCoder API, so much of it had to be redesigned or dropped as the project
    developed. One such design concept was the different classifications of actions (minor, normal, and major) because it was believed we would
    be able to get updates from the website when users performed different actions, but this was later seen to not be possible within our 
    constraints or abilities. In future projects, and if this project were to be done again, more time would need to be committed to understanding
    the tools being used and what they are capable of before begining initial designs.
Implementation:
    Implementation of the bot had many difficulties, especially with the Slackbot API which seemed to be going through a series of updates which
    repeatedly required the Slackbot to be deleted and remade. Due to the unfamiliarity with the tools and languages being used, much time was
    taken finding tutorials and looking over documentation. As a result adding new functions became a long and confusing process as resources
    would be based on out of date functions or not provide the information needed. In future projects it would be better to have greater 
    familiarity with the tools being used so that implementation goes smoother and more time can be put towards considering methodology and
    comprehensive testing.
Process:
    The project board was useful for assigning work to each member of the team and viewing how much progress was being made on the project. 
    It did become difficult to remember to keep the board updated and find time to review other members' code. My schedule did not line up well
    with the rest of the group, and issues increased as the semester progressed along with the move online. I've used project boards before with 
    Trello and do plan on using them in future, issues with processes primarily stemmed from limited time.
Overall:
    As mentioned above, much proper methodology and practice was delayed or ignored due to a variety of issues. As such it is hard to say that
    any were particularly useful throughout the redesigns and implementations of the project. In future what methods and practicies to implement
    should be discussed as part of the initial designs once a sufficient understanding of the tools available is reached.